So there is a difference between C-Sharp classes in javascript objects and unfortunately you can't just
send down C sharp object across the wire and expect that the browser is going to understand what to
do with it.
So they speak the common language they both understand which is the J on data format.
And there is a project called Jay Sankar.
So we're going to look at installing a package and what we do is we go to our tools and we're going
to go into Newgate package manager and then go into the console.
And we're going to be searching for a project called J.
And that is actually in fact I didn't really want to.
So I want to be the manager of the package for the solution and this is where we're going to go.
I'm going to browse on here and here I can say on dot net and you can see here and there in Safdar Jason.
So this is actually faster than Microsoft's built in serialization here.
So what you're going to want to do is you want to just say I want to add it to my first project or my
first application project and I just simply install.
So if you guys ever use new warriors like would know this is the same thing get as Microsoft's package
manager.
And if you're coming from a Python background then it would be like pip are Sadan that we have that
included in our project we can go out and close this down and on the band object here what I'm going
to do is I'm a Serializer to Jason and I'm going to use this library that we just we just installed
so it's going to say J-Zone convert and then we're going to say serialise
and then we Serializer band objects so we need to import the raisons say using Noonan's oncogenes on.
And so it's actually not serialized it's serialized objects and they're going to have to bring this.
And so anyway there's a lot of different library sets.
It's difficult to keep up with all of them but if you hover over you can see that the serialise is the
specified object to use on string.
So what I want to show you guys if you actually run the server after making a change to the code.
And if you look at your console one we made the AJAX call you're going to see that we get this error
message and by clicking on it it's actually going to pull up the error message which you actually want
to see and hear here you can just see that we're getting the standard that the view is not found.
And the reason why is if we go back over to the controller you can see that it's expecting an action
result type to be returned which is a return view but a view is actually returning a bunch of H to him
all characters and things and we just want to return it on a string.
So what I can do here is I could change this.
I could stop the server and I can change this over to a J sound result.
And then I could say return JS on.
And then you just simply say you know you see Serializer just like we did before.
And now by making that change you can see instead of giving the 500 error we're actually returning the
Jason string that we're looking for.
So inside of your javascript you can see all these forward slash characters what you would end up doing
as you would end up then based Jaison parsing it from within your age to him.
So if we go back over to the aged him here and go into the details page and here where we're Konsole
logging and you can see we're Jaison string a fine.
But let's just not do that.
It's actually because really we don't we want an actual object.
For the most part that's what we're going to use for any sort of modern you why it's going to take an
object.
So if we make that change very refreshed you can see that we're now getting a straight face on data
object back.